New tutorial: SOAP based web services (#6027)
SAPDocuments/Tutorials: tutorials/abap-environment-soap-web-services/abap-environment-soap-web-services.md

    <wsoap12:binding transport="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/http" style="document"/>
    <wsdl:operation name="get_price">
    <wsoap12:operation soapAction="http://sap.com/EPM_PRODUCT_SOAP/EPM_Product_SOAP/get_priceRequest" style="document"/>
    <wsdl:input>
    <wsoap12:body use="literal"/>
    </wsdl:input>
    <wsdl:output>
    <wsoap12:body use="literal"/>
    </wsdl:output>
    <wsdl:fault name="fault_msg_type">
    <wsoap12:fault name="fault_msg_type" use="literal"/>
    </wsdl:fault>
    </wsdl:operation>
    </wsdl:binding>
    <wsdl:service name="EPM_Product_SOAP">
    <wsdl:port name="EPM_Product_SOAP" binding="tns:EPM_Product_SOAP">
    <soap:address location="https://sapes5.sapdevcenter.com/sap/bc/srt/xip/sap/zepm_product_soap/002/epm_product_soap/epm_product_soap"/>
    </wsdl:port>
    <wsdl:port name="EPM_Product_SOAP_soap12" binding="tns:EPM_Product_SOAP_soap12">
    <wsoap12:address location="https://sapes5.sapdevcenter.com/sap/bc/srt/xip/sap/zepm_product_soap/002/epm_product_soap/epm_product_soap"/>
    </wsdl:port>
    </wsdl:service>
    </wsdl:definitions>
    ```     

[DONE]
[ACCORDION-END]

[ACCORDION-BEGIN [Step 2: ](Create ABAP package)]

>   1.  Open Eclipse, logon to your trial account and right-click **`ZLOCAL`**, select **New** > **ABAP Package**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1.  Open Eclipse, log on to your trial account and right-click **`ZLOCAL`**, select **New** > **ABAP Package**.
```

       - Description: **SOAP package**
       - `Superpackage`: `ZLOCAL`

     ![package](package2.png)

      Click **Next >**.

  3. Click **Finish**.

      ![package](package3.png)

      HINT: Everything should be created in the same package.

[DONE]
[ACCORDION-END]

[ACCORDION-BEGIN [Step 3: ](Create service consumption model)]

  1. Add your package `ZSC_SOAP_XXX` to **Favorite Packages** .

      ![model](model.png)

  2. Select your package `ZSC_SOAP_XXX` and right-click **New** > **Other ABAP Repository Object**.

      ![model](model2.png)

  3. Select **Service Consumption Model**.

      ![model](model31.png)

     Click **Next >**.

  4. Create a new service consumption model:
      - Name: **`ZSC_SCM_XXX`**
      - Description: **Service consumption model**
      - Remote Consumption Mode: **`Web Service`**

      ![model](model3.png)

      Click **Next >**.

  5. Select `EPM_Product_SOAP.WSDL` as service metadata file and `ZSC_` as prefix. The prefix makes it easier to obtain unique ABAP names in the system, for all objects that are created.

      ![model](model4.png)

      Click **Next >**.

  6. Click **Finish**.

      ![model](model5.png)

>   7. Your project explorer should look like following. If you don't see the changes yet, select your package `ZSC_SOAP_XXX` press `F5` to refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  7. Your project explorer should look like following. If you don't see the changes yet, select your package `ZSC_SOAP_XXX` and press `F5` to refresh.
```
